today I took my rest and started it
the contact and today I'm crazy I'm going to play
high pro money
I picked up my gift my sound going well
poison I entered my Ferrari and my face
with the bottling already leading to
to boast
Then I get excited. I started the pilot.
From your helicopter she told me more.
I felt I did not understand you
I said 'Let's go over there at the
family at the time of alcains the analyst
so they did not rule out that battisti did not
I'm already enjoying it, it only fills.
leonardo amanda's garden of this family
said károly singer journalist ter
tempted more than eike batista
Elton cogitated in life I'm accepting
most useful here Baptist and in life is very
more than I give you
I want in life, I 'm guessing.
useful to whom Baptist and mail with one today
I caught and nadson and triggered the contact and
church or take luco I will play granato
high
I got my sound, so did my poison.
I entered my Ferrari from the face with the
bottling already leads to show
Then I get excited. I started the pilot.
From your helicopter she told me more.
I feel sorry, I do not understand you.
I said 'we do not over
bottling at the time what it is
the analyst says carol
I thought that I was not already enjoying this
praxe rhyme leonardo called beast
Carola's family is what I give you.
bye on the track
I'm more than eike batista
I'm I want in life I'm trying to
but the worst is that Baptist and mail
[Music]
I am
I have in life I'm trying more
that the etique batista rhythm but I to hell '
in life I did not hit more than I
It's Batista and Mail
[Music]